# Software-Security


For this project, our client, Artemis Financial, requested help modernizing their operations by implementing current and effective software security. Specifically, they wanted us to implement a checksum verification function to verify data between transfers. I recommended and implemented the SHA-256 cipher algorithm for this task to hash the data as a checksum. I also implemented an RSA cert to prove to the browser that our code is coming from its expected location. 
After incorporating the recommended cipher algorithm, I ran a dependency check to check for any vulnerabilities within the code. Initially, this test returned a report that listed 15 vulnerable dependencies with 100+ known vulnerabilities. After recognizing these vulnerabilities, I utilized specific tools to verify if these vulnerabilities were patched in later updates. I then updated every vulnerable dependency to its current version and reran the dependency check. This time, the check returned a report stating no known vulnerabilities. However, this doesn’t mean that our site is guaranteed secure. We are now to continue to screen our site and code for potential unknown vulnerabilities. These unknown vulnerabilities have the potential to lead to zero-day attacks. We should also have a strong recovery plan to mitigate the damage a zero-day attack might have on the company. 
This entire project was beneficial for me. Before this class, I had never worked with an encryption or cipher algorithm. Working through these assignments has taught me how important security is and how easy it is to implement it. This class has taught me that there should be no reason to leave security as an afterthought. 
This class provided us with a lot of references and tools to use for future projects. I will definitely be using the OWASP Dependency Check tool to scan for vulnerabilities with my code. 

